Time to look at the dashboards
now.
So let's select first our project dashboard, right here.
Now this is interesting right because now we have our visualization that we just pin in the last video
in this dashboard
and here we can click into it,
oh
and what happened then?
So I clicked into the visualization and then I jumped directly into the report,
this is interesting, right.
So the dashboard and the report are connected.
So let's go back and press right here and then we also jump back to our report,
so that's the important thing.
The dashboard is only extracted from the report of course
and that's why those two files are connected in the end.
So this is what we can see in our project population dashboard,
let's now take a look at our other two dashboard that we created. The test dashboard,
here we have the entire dashboard imported,
that's why the pin the whole live page
and here we only pinned our visual which we can see right here
and if we click that, then we also jump back into our initial report
but back to our project dashboard then. So what can we do in this menu then?
Well the first thing I see right here is we can ask a question, let's do that and write population.
See what that is, that's interesting.
So we can ask questions to Power BI and Power BI tries to answer those based on those key words
that we enter right here, so that's this Q&A function that's implemented in Power BI.
Let's go back.
Another interesting option that you might want to see is that view related right here, if we click that,
then we can see that relationship we just talked about,
so when we jumped from the dashboard to the report and here you can see why.
Because this dashboard right here is related to the report and the report,
well it's related to the initial dataset because that's where the information comes from.
This is what we can see right here, let's close that
and now we have that set as featured function, what does this mean?
Well if you select that, then you will see this dashboard whenever you log into Power BI service.
So let's set that as feature maybe, yes we want to do this and click right here.
This is fine
and we can also set it as our favorite dashboard. Let's click that and if we now go back to favorites
up here, thanks to this, then we can see that this dashboard is appearing right there,
so that's the favorite function.
Let's go back to our dashboard, right there.
Now we have that sharing options,
we will not talk about those right now but we will cover that later
and we have that displaying option.
So if you want to display this in the web format or in the phone layout,
yes, we want to do it.
So this is what this would look like on our mobile phone
and this is interesting because later, we will use the Power BI mobile apps
and by that, now see what this might look like right there.
So let's go back to the web view then, like this.
So those are the main options that we have in this dashboards.
So to summarize it, we have our dataset where we can create a new report if we want to
and then we have that new report with multiple visualizations and then we can pin different
visualizations or the entire report which will then appear in the dashboard.
Now I want to show you one more thing, if we click onto my workspace right here, then you have also an
overview of your dashboard, your reports, your workbooks and your datasets.
Let me show you that menu quickly in the next video.